Rethinking Toolbelts' README (#939)
vtex/toolbelt: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vtex/toolbelt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vtex/toolbelt) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/vtex.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vtex) [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/vtex/toolbelt.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

> The CLI that offers all you need to start using the VTEX platform efficiently.

Reviewer: Maybe we should change to VTEX IO?
```suggestion
The CLI that offers all you need to start using the VTEX IO platform efficiently.
```

#### Summary
- [How do we empower you?](#how-do-we-empower-you)
- [First step: Installing the VTEX Toolbelt](#installing-the-toolbelt-with-yarn)
- [Developing an app locally](#to-develop-locally-use-vtex-link)
- [Customize your prompt](#wanna-know-something-cool-you-can-customize-your-prompt)
- [FAQ](#frequently-asked-questions)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

> - [Send us feedback](#tell-us-what-you-think-about-toolbelt)

Author: I chose a shorter version to incorporate the "shortcuts concept". The real section titles are larger: created to communicate a little bit about what is inside, as a small Tweet — they are not just a way to start a text section. 
The shortcuts should be... shorter. 

Any specific reason for using identical text at the "Summary"?

> - [Send us feedback](#tell-us-what-you-think-about-toolbelt)

Reviewer 2: Yeah, it was just because I was expecting something when I clicked and was redirected to something ""else"" and for a fraction of seconds I was a little confused. But I understand what you want.

> - [Send us feedback](#tell-us-what-you-think-about-toolbelt)

Author: For now, I'll just use the shorter but I'll ask other designers to read and tell me what they think! Maybe more people feel the same.

# How do we empower you? 

VTEX Toolbelt is a command-line program that gives you access to all of 
the features in the VTEX platform and increases your productivity, allowing you to:

- **Manage your apps quickly:** List, install and uninstall available apps in your account;
- **Work safely on your personal environments:** List, create and remove workspaces;

> - **Easily take changes to your final user:** Promote a workspace to `master`, making it public in your account URL;

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
- **Easily ship changes to your final user:** Promote a workspace to `master`, making it public in your account URL;
```
Don't know which would be better though, I just think that `take changes to your final user` seems a little off

- **See what you are creating in real time:** Develop new apps in link mode, using automatic synchronization;
- **Go live from the command line:** Publish apps to the VTEX App Store.

# Getting started: Installing the VTEX Toolbelt

> To use the VTEX Toolbelt, you'll need to install other engines 

Reviewer: I'm in doubt on what we should use here - `engines` or `applications`, what do you think?

Author: I use `engines` to be more generic. If you think that `applications` better describe what can be built with de CLI and we should not be worried about being generic, `applications`.

(that also will be useful when developing for VTEX).

#### Node.js to run the tool

> - Install Node.js here: Toolbelt is written in JavaScript and Node.js. 

Reviewer: Missing link? I thought of adding a little more to the text in this case because of technicalities (I don't know if it's entirely correct to say that some application is written for Node.js, rather it's meant to be run in Node.js). Also toolbelt I thought now that maybe we would want to say that toolbelt is written in Typescript, which gives an idea of a safer code)
```suggestion
- Install Node.js [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/): Toolbelt is written in Typescript and designed to run on Node.js. 
```
A background on this:
. Javascript the language for writing code for the Web. There are lots of javascript engines, which are applications that take some javascript code and run it - the V8 (which chrome uses), Chakra (used by Microsof's Edge browser), SpiderMonkey (used by Firefox). Note that the examples I mentioned are browsers. At some point a programmer had an idea - Let's use javascript for servers and system applications, not only on browsers - and then Node.js was born. It uses V8 to run the javascript (just like chrome) and it provides a runtime to run javascript outside of the browser (what does it mean? It means that Node.js creates a bridge between the javascript code and the system functionalities - The browser can't interact with the files on your computer for example - Node.js provides this functionality)
. Typescript is a language built on top of javascript and provides type safety for programmers. It means we programmers can write bug-less code much easier, but it doesn't affect the end user, only the programmers (maybe it affects the end user in the way that we ship code that is less likely to have bugs). Even though we write the application in typescript, in the build pipeline this typescript is translated into javascript, and then node.js runs it.

> Node is the engine that executes the JS and allows our tool to run and work at your computer) 

Reviewer: Maybe missing parenthesis?
```suggestion
(Node is the runtime that executes the JS and allows our tool to run and work at your computer) 
```

> - Install yarn here: yarn is a way to manage your code, organize content in packages 

Reviewer: Missing link?
```suggestion
- Install yarn [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/): yarn is a way to manage your code, organize content in packages 
```

> - Install yarn here: yarn is a way to manage your code, organize content in packages 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install yarn [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install): yarn is a way to manage your code, organize content in packages 
```

> - Install yarn here: yarn is a way to manage your code, organize content in packages 

Reviewer: Maybe yarn provides a way (being a package manager)? https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/getting-started
```suggestion
- Install yarn [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install): yarn provides a way to manage your code's dependencies, organize content in packages 
```

that you can download, share and... install, just like our CLI :) 

> Already has Node.js and Yarn? Lets install the Tooltbelt. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Already has Node.js and Yarn? Lets install the Toolbelt. 
```

Author: Done!

#### Installing the Toolbelt with yarn
`yarn` powers app development to React, Node and VTEX IO! Install the Toolbelt using yarn and start working with us generating automatically all the files you'll need to create apps in the future. 
To install it, run: 
 
 ```
 yarn global add vtex
 ```

<details>

>   <summary>Alternative installation using npm</summary>

Reviewer: Maybe add 'method'?
```suggestion
  <summary>Alternative installation method using npm</summary>
```

>   You can install using `npm`. But, remember, if in the future 
>   you want develop an VTEX IO app, you'll need to install `yarn` 

Reviewer: Not sure about one of the commas.

```suggestion
  You can install using `npm`. But remember, if in the future 
  you want to develop a VTEX IO app, you'll need to install `yarn` 
```
Should we specify? `if in the future you want to develop a React or Node.js app on VEX IO`

Author: Sure!!

>   To start with `npm`, run:

Reviewer: Install?
```suggestion
  To install with `npm`, run:
```

  ```
  npm install -g vtex
  ```
</details>

# Using the CLI 

> After install, run `vtex` to see our commands and what each one of them do.

Reviewer: Not sure if it's install or installtion
```suggestion
After installation, run `vtex` to see our commands and what each one of them do.
```

Reviewer: Or installing
```suggestion
After installing, run `vtex` to see our commands and what each one of them do.
```

Author: Makes sense!

      redirects export <csvPath>      Export all redirects in the current account and workspace
      redirects delete <csvPath>      Delete redirects in the current account and workspace

      url                               Prints base URL for current account, workspace and account

      workspace                         Alias for vtex workspace info
      workspace create <name>           Create a new workspace with this name
      workspace delete <name>           Delete a single or various workspaces
      workspace info                    Display information about the current workspace
      workspace list                    List workspaces on this account
      workspace promote                 Promote this workspace to master
      workspace reset [name]            Delete and create a workspace
      workspace use <name>              Use a workspace to perform operations

    Options:

      -h, --help  show help information
  ```
</details>

# Second step: login on your VTEX account

Start by using `vtex login` to receive your credentials and be able 
to access other features. Simply type this command and follow the instructions.

> <details>

Reviewer: I liked this `<details>` so much!

<summary>Having trouble with login? Follow these steps</summary>

You can use `vtex login` to login with your VTEX ID credentials or vtex logout if you're already logged in and want to change credentials.

When logging in, you will be asked for 3 things:
- The `account` name of the store you wish to work on, that would be your company or clients `account` name;

> - Your VTEX ID email, the one you received access to work with VTEX. Missing the email? Send us a message here.

Author: Yeeeep! We don't have this kind of support. Removed.

- Your VTEX ID password, the one you chose when creating your user. 

> If you wish to work on another `account`, run `vtex logout` and, then `vtex login` again with the one you want to move to. 

Author: No opinion about suggesting the command `vtex switch`. Would you like to say more about it or suggest how we could do it at the README? That could help me to understand the suggestion

> If you wish to work on another `account`, run `vtex logout` and, then `vtex login` again with the one you want to move to. 

Reviewer 2: `vtex switch <account>` switches the account, so instead of logging out and then logging in you could just switch (and if necessary the toolbelt will redirect you to a login page.
```suggestion
If you wish to work on another `account`, run `vtex switch <account>` specifying the account you want to move to.
```

> If you wish to work on another `account`, run `vtex logout` and, then `vtex login` again with the one you want to move to. 

Author: Peeeeerfect! Makes sense

</details>

# Wanna know something cool? You can customize your prompt

You can configure your **terminal prompt** to display relevant information about your current context, like which account you're logged into and which `workspace` you are currently using.

Just like knowing which `git` branch you're currently in, having this info in your prompt you help you avoid mistakes and be faster when using VTEX IO.

## How to do so? 

#### `bash` users

If you are a bash user you can start customizing your command prompt by running the following command:

```sh
echo "source $(npm root -g)/vtex/plugins/bash/vtex.bash" >> ~/.bashrc
echo "source $(npm root -g)/vtex/plugins/bash/prompt.bash" >> ~/.bashrc
```

> 😉 For fine grained control, use only the first script and add `__vtex_ps1` manually to your prompt.

#### `fish` users

If you want a pretty, ready-made Git + VTEX prompt you can copy `plugins/fish/fish_prompt.fish` to the  `~/.config/fish/functions` folder. To see the changes, simply restart your shell by typing `fish`.

```sh
cp (npm root -g)/vtex/plugins/fish/fish_prompt.fish ~/.config/fish/functions/
fish
```

> > 💡 If you installed Toolbelt using `yarn`, you should replace `(npm root -g)` with `(yarn global dir)`.

Author: Makes sense to me. 

I didn't update the content of the snippets because it is out of my coverage area by now. We can do it in a next update, as I would like to ask for a developer to review this specific topic and edit considering the previous changes. (I don't want to abuse your and Napoli's goodwill and ask you to edit it by now hahah)

---

# Frequently Asked Questions

<details>
<summary>How do I ignore specific files or directories in my app so that they are not uploaded?</summary>

Create a `.vtexignore` file containing, on each line, paths you wish to ignore.
If no `.vtexignore` is found, your [.gitignore](http://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) file is used instead.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Is there another way to customize the prompt?</summary>

You can do so by adding the `vtex_get_account` and `vtex_get_workspace` commands to your PS1 environment variable the way it pleases you.

</details>

---

> ## Contributing

Reviewer 2: Remember to change the path of this contributing file

Author: @tiagonapoli could you please change the path for me? I tried but don't know why it didn't work 😅

(Node is the runtime that executes the JS and allows our tool to run and work at your computer) 
- Install yarn [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install): yarn is a way to manage your code, organize content in packages 
that you can download, share and... install, just like our CLI :) 

Already has Node.js and Yarn? Let's install the Toolbelt. 

#### Installing the Toolbelt with yarn
`yarn` powers app development to React, Node and VTEX IO! Install the Toolbelt using yarn and start working with us generating automatically all the files you'll need to create apps in the future. 
To install it, run: 
 
 ```
 yarn global add vtex
 ```

<details>
  <summary>Alternative installation method using npm</summary>
  You can install using `npm`. But remember, if in the future 
  you want to develop a VTEX IO app, you'll need to install `yarn` 

  To install with `npm`, run:

  ```
  npm install -g vtex
  ```
</details>

# Using the CLI 

After installation, run `vtex` to see our commands and what each one of them do.

<details>
    <summary>Or, check all our commands here</summary>

  ```

>   $ vtex

Reviewer: How about we change this to point to this file?
https://github.com/vtex/toolbelt/blob/9e80d10768460a2337effed877910d0b4d5cbcfb/docs/commands.md

Author: Adding a link to the file? I don't know if I understood the suggestion :x
